Are right we're about to start with easy too and working well easier to resources.
So before we dig into private and public see two instances let's take a look at what we're going to
cover in the section in this section.
We're going to take a look at what we're going to build on AWOS castle just like we do with other sections
like subnets and the PCs.
So to get a feeling of what we're going to build on A W-S actually and after that we're going to start
creating some resources on Ws and we'll first start with a key pair to connect to our easy to instance
so that we can use it to connect to the instances that we're going to lunch both for private and public.
Easy to instances.
And after that we're going to create security groups both for private and public.
Easily two instances that we're going to launch.
And after that for our public easy to instance we're going to develop a startup script.
So when we launch our public easy to insiders that script is going to be executed and is going to prepare
a Web site for us to see that if we can possibly connect to our public easily to instance from anywhere
in the world.
And after we finish with our creations and preparations for our easy to instance we're going to actually
change our public easy to instance within our public subnet that we created earlier.
And after that we're going to verify that the script that we developed is working as expected by trying
to connect to our public.
Easy to instance and trying to see the web page that we developed earlier and after we've finished with
our public easy to instance we're going to launch a private is to instance.
So the first private comes from that it's being under the private subnet as a sole resource of our private
subnet.
And after we've finished with launching our private easy to instance we're going to verify that the
connection is not possible to this private.
Easy to instance except from within the subnets itself.
So this is going to be a lot of fun.
A great section to learn about easy to do and how they work.
So are we expecting to see you in the next video.